## Monogamy Maxwell

My name is Maxwell. I have been coding for over a decade. I have worked at 2 different venture backed startups (1 IPO) and 2 very large companies. 

I am a serial monogamist. My entire life I have not been single longer than a few months at a time. The relationships I got into were also long, with the majority of which lasting around 1-2 years. Some for 3-4. Almost my entire teenage and young adult life I have been with a partner.

I dated a peruvian girl for a year in middleschool. (my first gf)
I dated my best friend from highschool on and off for 2-3 years (my first love)
I dated an indian girl from highschool to college for 3 years (first girl to cheat on me)
I dated my best friend from college for 2 weeks (bad idea, but we are still friends)
I dated a turkish girl for 2 years (the first girl I could see myself legitimately marry)
I dated a half latina half asian girl for a year (dysfunctional)

That is over a decade in relationships. I am 26. I started dating when I was 13. The total time I have been single is roughly 3 years in the last decade. 
Holy shit.
---

### "You need to spend some time being single"
I got this advice as I closed on my most recent relationship. The advice was correct, I do. 
I do not have enough practical time being alone to really say I know how to live a happy single life.

So can I be single? 
Turns out, yeah. 

I have no problem being single. After my last relationship I took a ~3 month break (not very long) before going on any dates. Prior to that I had a 6 month hiatus. Not too bad. Prior to that I had a 1 year hiatus. And.. life was pretty good.

But there's something common among the people who told me I need to be single: **starting a family was not a life goal of theirs.** 

I work with a lot of people in tech startups. When you ask these people why they burn their youth working long hours on something that might crash and burn, they tell you they have to. It's their passion. The desire to make something bigger than themselves. To make themselves something bigger than themselves. To grow and learn and improve. I too have these ambitions. But these will always come secondary to love. I will always prioritize family, relationships, and friends above all. Especially my deepest connections. Will I be perfect all of the time? No, of course not. But learning is what life is for. 

Have you ever tried to convince one of these passionate people to not chase their dream? Have you ever tried to take someone with sheer will and determination to stop working on the thing that gives them energy in their life? Have you asked an artist to stop making art? You won't be able to. You can't get in the way between someone who is driven and their passion.

That is why I date so seriously. It is not painful to lay dormant because I don't want to be alone, it is painful because I feel inspired to work on my passion to love myself, life, and others deeper everyday.

### What is this blog

This blog is a reflection of the things that I think about as I date. Similar to how a startup founder will write about lessons their learn on twitter rambling about how they've learned something so novel that others can learn from. Most of the time this "knowledge" is oversaturated and cheap in my mind. What we don't have enough of is people providing practical frameworks for acheiving successful and happy relationships and the best methods to get there. This will be a living blog as I go through my journey.

